refactor: readme update (#352)
ZupIT/beagle: README.md

## What is Beagle?

Beagle is an **open source framework** for **cross-platform** development using the concept of Server-Driven UI.

> This framework allow teams to build and alter layouts and data directly through a backend page layout but yet displaying its contents nativelly in a mobile applications and / or yet through web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This framework allow teams to build and alter layouts and data directly through a backend but yet displaying its contents natively in a mobile application and / or through web.
```

![](https://blobs.gitbook.com/assets%2F-M-Qy7jZbUpzGRP5GbCZ%2F-M-Vb8Yg30urdiTYjfB3%2F-M-VkXqAaAU8k7KAUaLW%2Fimage22.png?alt=media&token=62e91f51-a030-499d-91ca-f5131fd88790)

#

#### Layout Engine

When rendering a screen the front-end receives a `JSON` object that provides all necessary information through **Beagle** to position the elements on the screen

When deserializing, Beagle turns a `widget` into a `view` applying the styles implemented in the `DesignSystem`. At this point, Beagle uses the [**YOGA**](https://yogalayout.com/) rendering engine internally to set the layout's view position and finally render it natively.

![](https://blobs.gitbook.com/assets%2F-M-Qy7jZbUpzGRP5GbCZ%2F-M-WAWIJGEgjFTyn57to%2F-M-WE7CKoTKbtxvMCMLt%2Fyoga.gif?alt=media&token=070dba81-176f-451f-b82e-cf3589c6e2f8)

#### Learn how to:

> [Create a Backend project](https://docs.usebeagle.io/v/v1.0-en/get-started/installing-beagle/beagle-backend)

Reviewer 2: is putting the version really necessary? because every time I publish a new version I will be to update the readme.

Reviewer 2: I prefer put the link without version https://docs.usebeagle.io/get-started/installing-beagle/android, because when the english version is the main, you don't need put the version
